after all
Because we are family
Liang Lifeng
I'm so disappointed in you.
I didn't see your true face until now
What? You want money as soon as you come in.
Except for money
I won't have anything left, will I?
It's selfishness.
self-righteous
Never consider others
Never care about the seriousness of others' feelings
This fairy tale festival
We asked together under the marriage tree
I thought we would be happy forever
But now
I was naive.
I don't think about others.
I am selfish
I scum
Hahahahahahahahaha
The fate between you and me is over
From now on
Mr. Li
You are so heartless
Don't you just want a salary card?
Ok, I'll give it to you.
From Now On
We don't matter anymore